zu:ezigodlweni ||| en:monasteries
zu:ukuhlonipha ||| en:honouring
zu:lwezincwadi ||| en:bibliography
zu:iziphethe ||| en:principled
zu:impova ||| en:pollen
zu:abashisekeli ||| en:fanatics
zu:ikhima ||| en:constellation
zu:okungagunyaziwe ||| en:unauthorised
zu:wemidlalo ||| en:playwright
zu:ezondwa ||| en:animosity
zu:izinkinga ||| en:upsets
zu:lokulinganisa ||| en:grading
zu:abayimizulane ||| en:nomadic
zu:kuyathakazelisa ||| en:curiously
zu:ngcolisa ||| en:pollute
zu:lonakele ||| en:tarnished
zu:bavimbe ||| en:stoppers
zu:wadla ||| en:annexation
zu:ukuhlambalaza ||| en:blasphemy
zu:okuhambisanayo ||| en:concurrent
zu:kwehlukanisa ||| en:distinguishes
zu:oyinyumba ||| en:sterile
zu:1-egcekeni ||| en:1-yard
zu:kwakubalulekile ||| en:mattered
zu:komlando ||| en:prehistoric
zu:eyabiwe ||| en:appropriated
zu:zomgunyathi ||| en:phony
zu:siluhlaza ||| en:evergreen
zu:i-popcorn ||| en:popcorn
zu:ubrigadier ||| en:brig
zu:yafakwa ||| en:stocked
zu:engabophi ||| en:non-binding
zu:esashiwo ||| en:uttered
zu:balufunda ||| en:mastered
zu:nekuchazwa ||| en:elaborated
zu:esikhanyayo ||| en:illuminated
zu:ethangeni ||| en:thigh
zu:ayemkweleta ||| en:creditor
zu:kwakhala ||| en:sirens
zu:idijithi ||| en:digit
zu:nokwelukiweyo ||| en:woven
zu:elinezinhlobonhlobo ||| en:buffet
zu:amabheji ||| en:badges
zu:ngekutitfoba ||| en:politely
zu:bubuhle ||| en:glamorous
zu:onobhala ||| en:clerks
zu:mbumbulu ||| en:imitation
zu:nolimi ||| en:inseparable
zu:nyathela ||| en:tread
zu:konyaka ||| en:year-end
zu:thembeke ||| en:reliably
zu:umengameli-abakhethiweyo ||| en:president-elect
zu:namavolovolo ||| en:handguns
zu:kugcizelelani ||| en:underscore
zu:ukuyikhokhela ||| en:affordability
zu:ngenhlonipho ||| en:respectfully
zu:inyufomu ||| en:uniformed
zu:ukuzigaxa ||| en:meddling
zu:electron ||| en:electrons
zu:imingcwabo ||| en:funerals
zu:yokungabaza ||| en:pessimism
zu:amahindu ||| en:hindus
zu:induna ||| en:foreman
zu:ngozankosi ||| en:handcuffed
zu:iconstantinople ||| en:constantinople
zu:lase ||| en:flemish
zu:ekhofini ||| en:brew
zu:ezimali ||| en:accountants
zu:esabeka ||| en:awe
zu:sezimboni ||| en:heartland
zu:isinqamu ||| en:fragment
zu:olugubhayo ||| en:stormy
zu:usiqinisekisa ||| en:assures
zu:zicatshangwe ||| en:unimaginable
zu:kwezokwelapha ||| en:medically
zu:ukuvuvukala ||| en:inflammation
zu:ukuqoqa ||| en:rounding
zu:ekujezisweni ||| en:reprisals
zu:aluhlaza ||| en:lush
zu:wabonakaliswa ||| en:manifested
zu:ngibuke ||| en:gaze
zu:awasebenzisele ||| en:wield
zu:ukungena ||| en:entrants
zu:komsebenzi ||| en:redundancy
zu:estaten ||| en:staten
zu:okungalindelekile ||| en:involuntary
zu:okushiwo ||| en:articulated
zu:bakhiwa ||| en:encompassing
zu:zemigwaqo ||| en:intersections
zu:emalini ||| en:equities
zu:ithuba ||| en:opportune
zu:lwasebavaria ||| en:bavarian
zu:isaqathe ||| en:carrot
zu:ungawuzwa ||| en:drown
zu:ongenisa ||| en:importer
zu:iziphazamiso ||| en:distractions
zu:egcizelela ||| en:underlining
zu:ampofu ||| en:underdeveloped
zu:zezindwangu ||| en:patchwork
zu:ugalonci ||| en:squash
zu:aboncamane ||| en:rectangular
zu:nokuxoxisana ||| en:engagements
zu:omiyane ||| en:mosquitoes
zu:kwehlukana ||| en:divergence
zu:bakubo ||| en:countrymen
zu:ekamelweni ||| en:downstairs
zu:ayehlukile ||| en:disparate
zu:bafudukela ||| en:migrated
zu:ebhidlikayo ||| en:crumbling
zu:babebhekene ||| en:contended
zu:ingcindezelo ||| en:colonialism
zu:usabalale ||| en:pervasive
zu:izimfihlakalo ||| en:mysteries
zu:pepper ||| en:peppers
zu:imicu ||| en:strands
zu:ngophawu ||| en:ticking
zu:isikhungo-kwesokunxele ||| en:center-left
zu:obhejane ||| en:rhino
zu:umsakazi ||| en:announcer
zu:kuyalungiswa ||| en:rectified
zu:isembatho ||| en:attire
zu:eturin ||| en:turin
zu:zenkolo ||| en:memorabilia
zu:lobuqaba ||| en:pagan
zu:ngolwangakusasa ||| en:morrow
zu:iveza ||| en:portrays
zu:ababesabisi ||| en:intimidate
zu:isoseji ||| en:sausage
zu:nihlangana ||| en:encountering
zu:aphethe ||| en:manipulating
zu:bathembane ||| en:trusting
zu:hlanza ||| en:clean-up
zu:awasho ||| en:reiterating
zu:ikholwa ||| en:believer
zu:inqanyulwa ||| en:disconnected
zu:esicindezelekile ||| en:distressed
zu:eziheha ||| en:engages
zu:uphawu ||| en:sealing
zu:umdlavuza ||| en:carcinogenic
zu:esiqandisini ||| en:refrigerator
zu:ngobuzenzisi ||| en:mockery
zu:yezingodo ||| en:topple
zu:kwesithathu ||| en:undeniably
zu:ikholera ||| en:cholera
zu:ngabandayo ||| en:complacency
zu:ancenge ||| en:persuading
zu:abuyiselwe ||| en:extradited
zu:ivalwa ||| en:outlawed
zu:ezinikeza ||| en:performance-enhancing
zu:umqulu ||| en:scroll
zu:eyaphumela ||| en:culminating
zu:okuphoqelela ||| en:enforceable
zu:ukuxosha ||| en:expel
zu:umkhwenyana ||| en:brother-in-law
zu:nokunensa ||| en:slack
zu:ehlathini ||| en:bushes
zu:ukuhoxa ||| en:yielding
zu:iponi ||| en:pony
zu:kwabobulili ||| en:heterosexual
zu:ekuseni ||| en:mornings
zu:liyasha ||| en:flashes
zu:ibuyiswe ||| en:repaid
zu:iphele ||| en:timed
zu:adlulisiwe ||| en:appellate
zu:umethuli ||| en:presenter
zu:ezinesithakazelo ||| en:receptive
zu:ukuncibilikisa ||| en:dissolve
zu:nokumosha ||| en:wasteful
zu:esimelela ||| en:depict
zu:izinsalela ||| en:residues
zu:zikhange ||| en:tempting
zu:40 ||| en:40s
zu:ababejwayelene ||| en:acquainted
zu:ekudumaza ||| en:discouraging
zu:ephakeme ||| en:tertiary
zu:okusanhlamvu ||| en:grains
zu:bajeziswe ||| en:penalized
zu:okusikisela ||| en:implying
zu:uwinthrop ||| en:winthrop
zu:ebona ||| en:seasoned
zu:umvukuzi ||| en:miner
zu:bona ||| en:comprehend
zu:non-ebandlulula ||| en:non-discriminatory
zu:ongumjesuit ||| en:jesuit
zu:uqondisa ||| en:directs
zu:ukuvuselelwa ||| en:regeneration
zu:ongenakulinganisela ||| en:unbalanced
zu:umona ||| en:envy
zu:uyagomela ||| en:asserts
zu:sinciphisa ||| en:jeopardising
zu:ngempama ||| en:slapped
zu:ukusikwa ||| en:contraction
zu:besekela ||| en:favouring
zu:spoilt ||| en:spoiled
zu:ebaluliwe ||| en:referenced
zu:ezilahla ||| en:denouncing
zu:kunomoya ||| en:windy
zu:esakhiwe ||| en:tucked
zu:uyintandane ||| en:orphan
zu:befisa ||| en:speculators
zu:nezikhumbuzo ||| en:memorials
zu:nobuphekula ||| en:counterterrorism
zu:ngimthande ||| en:admirable
zu:induduzo ||| en:consolation
zu:ukudunyiswa ||| en:acclaim
zu:zenkulumo ||| en:barrage
zu:i-taxis ||| en:taxis
zu:onekhono ||| en:charismatic
zu:kuchitheka ||| en:spills
zu:obandayo ||| en:chill
zu:yokukopisha ||| en:copying
zu:izivini ||| en:vineyards
zu:engenathemba ||| en:pessimistic
zu:wathandaza ||| en:prayed
zu:bakhazimula ||| en:glow
zu:swe ||| en:erased
zu:lombhalo ||| en:caste
zu:wagqugquzela ||| en:lobbied
zu:uyisitha ||| en:foe
zu:isidina ||| en:nuisance
zu:owayeyinkosikazi ||| en:ex-wife
zu:ohlukanisa ||| en:separates
zu:yesandla ||| en:manuscripts
zu:imidwebo ||| en:sketches
zu:babebizelwe ||| en:arraigned
zu:abafundi ||| en:learners
zu:esiphakeme ||| en:high-ranking
zu:waphuzisa ||| en:watered
zu:azibamba ||| en:restrained
zu:nzalamizi ||| en:patriarch
zu:sidilize ||| en:knocks
zu:gaya ||| en:grind
zu:inhlebo ||| en:gossip
zu:banephupho ||| en:envisages
zu:ephakeme ||| en:eminent
zu:izinganekwane ||| en:mythology
zu:hlola ||| en:prosper
zu:ziqhuba ||| en:excel
zu:aqinisekisayo ||| en:reassuring
zu:isithasiselo ||| en:appendix
zu:ezimangele ||| en:astonished
zu:ama ||| en:bulbs
zu:yokuzibulala ||| en:suicidal
zu:olungenakuzisiza ||| en:helpless
zu:ziphenywe ||| en:flipped
zu:uhlanya ||| en:insanity
zu:imilomo ||| en:mouths
zu:nobungcweti ||| en:knowledgeable
zu:abalimi ||| en:breeders
zu:kusiza ||| en:facilitates
zu:eligoqiwe ||| en:folded
zu:ngokuqondile ||| en:definitively
zu:esishukumisayo ||| en:stirring
zu:engaqondile ||| en:inadvertently
zu:iziqephu ||| en:subdivision
zu:abolile ||| en:rotten
zu:kwesihenqo ||| en:veil
zu:lokwanuleka ||| en:widen
zu:izandla-on ||| en:hands-on
zu:khulisa ||| en:enlarge
zu:nokuyikhokha ||| en:restitution
zu:abahlakazekile ||| en:diaspora
zu:eshada ||| en:marrying
zu:ukuzindla ||| en:meditation
zu:on-uya ||| en:on-going
zu:ukukopela ||| en:cheat
zu:ngunompempe ||| en:umpire
zu:lemfisha ||| en:shortest
zu:idumisa ||| en:honours
zu:abaqotho ||| en:upright
zu:ziyethusa ||| en:downright
zu:ukusekelwa ||| en:reinforcements
zu:bekhanda ||| en:headache
zu:zokuphuma ||| en:exits
zu:uyalalela ||| en:listens
zu:sizokwenza ||| en:oblige
zu:sekulingisa ||| en:simulation
zu:kunenzuzo ||| en:advantageous
zu:ezicathulweni ||| en:reversing
zu:ukuvula ||| en:unlock
zu:ngokuchachileyo ||| en:plainly
zu:ithala ||| en:terrace
zu:nokuguqulwa ||| en:spontaneous
zu:umbukwane ||| en:spectacle
zu:ezincelisayo ||| en:mammals
zu:kwemithi ||| en:pharmaceuticals
zu:akhanywa ||| en:drained
zu:wangaphumelela ||| en:unsuccessfully
zu:lihlukana ||| en:divides
zu:iphutha ||| en:discrepancy
zu:egxilile ||| en:entrenched
zu:ubuqiniso ||| en:authenticity
zu:kwesabisa ||| en:terrifying
zu:ngomusa ||| en:kindly
zu:isikole ||| en:schooling
zu:eziyisisekelo ||| en:fundamentals
zu:ezilambile ||| en:starving
zu:ureggie ||| en:reggie
zu:esikakwe ||| en:enclosed
zu:ukwesabeka ||| en:horrendous
zu:uqwembe ||| en:plaque
zu:evumelana ||| en:accords
zu:kakhulu ||| en:vastly
zu:izimali ||| en:monies
zu:esintengayo ||| en:shaky
zu:kwajika ||| en:escalated
zu:abangaphandle ||| en:outsiders
zu:ukufutheka ||| en:fury
zu:wenze ||| en:accede
zu:okwegazi ||| en:crimson
zu:izaziso ||| en:alerts
zu:engxabanweni ||| en:altercation
zu:ipulani ||| en:blueprint
zu:ngokulinganisela ||| en:moderation
zu:bheka ||| en:supervise
zu:kokuphenywa ||| en:interrogation
zu:ukunqwabelana ||| en:accumulation
zu:usola ||| en:blames
zu:yokuzisiza ||| en:aiding
zu:akukhuthazwa ||| en:acclaimed
zu:nenkabazwe ||| en:hemisphere
zu:ukweqiwa ||| en:doses
zu:zabuna ||| en:classics
zu:yizicukuthwane ||| en:royalty
zu:egunyaziwe ||| en:accredited
zu:ukugonana ||| en:embracing
zu:besifazane ||| en:feminist
zu:bakudala ||| en:primitive
zu:uhlanga ||| en:ethnicity
zu:esingashiwongo ||| en:unspecified
zu:ufaneleke ||| en:justifies
zu:zintengantenga ||| en:sway
zu:nokuzonda ||| en:hates
zu:amanzi ||| en:drainage
zu:ukujezisa ||| en:punishing
zu:wokubusa ||| en:reigning
zu:sidangele ||| en:discouraged
zu:ukuncenga ||| en:pleading
zu:esinonya ||| en:relentless
zu:incazelo ||| en:specification
zu:enginikezwe ||| en:allotted
zu:abahloniphekile ||| en:respectable
zu:nomabonakude ||| en:tvs
zu:umanyolo ||| en:fertilizer
zu:zemabula ||| en:marble
zu:esinamandla ||| en:potent
zu:inezakhamuzi ||| en:surpassed
zu:ukuziphatha ||| en:behaviors
zu:zicabangela ||| en:speculate
zu:kunabaphostoli ||| en:inferior
zu:ishayela ||| en:pulse
zu:kafulawa ||| en:flour
zu:ogwini ||| en:coasts
zu:esiyihlazo ||| en:disgraceful
zu:ezifuna ||| en:aspiring
zu:intethelelo ||| en:forgiveness
zu:nengonyama ||| en:monarchy
zu:bebhentshi ||| en:pew
zu:yabikezelwa ||| en:foreseen
zu:wayiyeka ||| en:discontinued
zu:kwephulwe ||| en:breached
zu:bangasizakali ||| en:manipulate
zu:ukushushuluza ||| en:skiing
zu:ukuzikhukhumeza ||| en:arrogance
zu:udosi ||| en:sting
zu:ayamukelayo ||| en:approves
zu:buyisela ||| en:repay
zu:kwaketula ||| en:toppled
zu:isikhwama ||| en:wallet
zu:engamancozuncozu ||| en:deferred
zu:ukungezwani ||| en:rift
zu:inkanuko ||| en:provocative
zu:uzwane ||| en:toe
zu:bemivubukulo ||| en:archaeological
zu:amaprotheni ||| en:proteins
zu:amagundane ||| en:rats
zu:okungagunyaziwe ||| en:unauthorized
zu:bhishobhi ||| en:diocese
zu:laniketwe ||| en:conferred
zu:uqinisa ||| en:reaffirm
zu:obuningi ||| en:abundant
zu:isihlengo ||| en:ransom
zu:ukufudumala ||| en:warmer
zu:lama ||| en:soaring
zu:otolika ||| en:interpreters
zu:x-amadoda ||| en:x-men
zu:wazisa ||| en:advising
zu:eyokhuza ||| en:objected
zu:isikhunta ||| en:mold
zu:amaza ||| en:frequencies
zu:isivinini ||| en:velocity
zu:insolo ||| en:accusation
zu:unawo ||| en:retains
zu:emazombezombe ||| en:winding
zu:ukukhushulwa ||| en:promotions
zu:besizulu ||| en:beers
zu:ephikisayo ||| en:dissent
zu:izanu-pf ||| en:zanu-pf
zu:okubhaliselwe ||| en:subscription
zu:waminza ||| en:drowned
zu:amanazi ||| en:nazis
zu:umkhuzi ||| en:admiral
zu:uzulazula ||| en:roaming
zu:abajwayele ||| en:accustomed
zu:qeda ||| en:exhaust
zu:gembula ||| en:gamble
zu:ezingakanqotshwa ||| en:undefeated
zu:namapayipi ||| en:pipelines
zu:ukudiliva ||| en:deliveries
zu:ziyoncibilika ||| en:dissolved
zu:skwele ||| en:sq
zu:isizathu ||| en:rationale
zu:nehaba ||| en:exaggerated
zu:izihlangu ||| en:shields
zu:enyuvesi ||| en:varsity
zu:mnene ||| en:gentle
zu:engayitholi ||| en:intake
zu:izinsana ||| en:infants
zu:bezidakamizwa ||| en:traffickers
zu:ebusweni ||| en:facial
zu:izigodi ||| en:estates
zu:okusikhumbuza ||| en:reminiscent
zu:ukuvimbela ||| en:stemming
zu:ezingalingani ||| en:unequal
zu:sihlanganisa ||| en:incorporates
zu:aphathekako ||| en:apparatus
zu:izinsolo ||| en:suspicions
zu:yisikhathi ||| en:expire
zu:sivumelanise ||| en:conform
zu:izitebhisi ||| en:stairs
zu:izingozi ||| en:hazards
zu:abahamba ||| en:cyclists
zu:ukubusa ||| en:domination
zu:elikhulayo ||| en:thriving
zu:kwenziwa ||| en:undertook
zu:ukulungisa ||| en:makeup
zu:kwesokunxele-wing ||| en:left-wing
zu:lwendaba ||| en:storyline
zu:ukukhumbula ||| en:recalling
zu:izesekeli ||| en:accessories
zu:ecaleni ||| en:bypass
zu:amakhansela ||| en:councillors
zu:akuzenzisi ||| en:hypocritical
zu:imfologo ||| en:fork
zu:izintandokazi ||| en:favorites
zu:amapayipi ||| en:pipes
zu:liphindele ||| en:leaking
zu:imibhalo ||| en:writings
zu:yahlasela ||| en:invaded
zu:zokubheja ||| en:betting
zu:inkungu ||| en:fog
zu:ziphenduke ||| en:evolve
zu:akhombise ||| en:capturing
zu:oqondileyo ||| en:prudent
zu:ligijima ||| en:rotating
zu:okunisela ||| en:irrigation
zu:kokuvala ||| en:shutting
zu:nesigaxa ||| en:wedge
zu:ukukhumbula ||| en:remembering
zu:amashalofu ||| en:shelves
zu:ize ||| en:vain
zu:anezele ||| en:additions
zu:ezinyakaziswayo ||| en:shaken
zu:uthimothewu ||| en:timothy
zu:usocrates ||| en:socrates
zu:ibandla ||| en:congregation
zu:imincintiswano ||| en:contests
zu:insindiso ||| en:salvation
zu:olinganise ||| en:proportions
zu:amagobolondo ||| en:shells
zu:ulele ||| en:asleep
zu:ngokukhethekile ||| en:specially
zu:qinisa ||| en:tighten
zu:abaqashi ||| en:tenants
zu:izithombe ||| en:animation
zu:zishiya ||| en:abandoning
zu:umqambi ||| en:composer
zu:impi ||| en:troop
zu:njalo-isizini ||| en:regular-season
zu:kubekezelelwe ||| en:tolerated
zu:iqinisa ||| en:strengthens
zu:izindlovu ||| en:elephants
zu:ihlazo ||| en:disgrace
zu:kwakha ||| en:formulate
zu:wawushilo ||| en:stipulated
zu:akhethelwe ||| en:tasked
zu:bezijabulisa ||| en:entertaining
zu:ukuhlabana ||| en:bargain
zu:ulapha ||| en:dose
zu:amakepisi ||| en:caps
zu:abathengisi ||| en:merchants
zu:amahholo ||| en:halls
zu:sibonelo ||| en:prototype
zu:isivumelwano ||| en:testament
zu:okukhethekile ||| en:specialty
zu:owonile ||| en:offender
zu:esiphelelwe ||| en:obsolete
zu:eksisi ||| en:axis
zu:ukuzigwaza ||| en:hurting
zu:nenzuzo ||| en:profitability
zu:ababusi ||| en:rulers
zu:uzwela ||| en:compassion
zu:ukwephula ||| en:infringements
zu:self-ukuzimisela ||| en:self-determination
zu:zingu ||| en:labeled
zu:lesishaya ||| en:legislator
zu:phambili ||| en:forwards
zu:iqembu ||| en:faction
zu:yokulahla ||| en:dump
zu:kakhulu ||| en:radically
zu:ubuze ||| en:void
zu:zosizo ||| en:charities
zu:ithobekile ||| en:humble
zu:ngezani ||| en:entail
zu:imibala ||| en:colours
zu:legumbi ||| en:cornerstone
zu:sokuzivikela ||| en:recourse
zu:esekisini ||| en:circus
zu:kungalungiswa ||| en:unresolved
zu:nenhlekelele ||| en:catastrophe
zu:ubunye ||| en:unification
zu:zokwenziwa ||| en:synthetic
zu:iyashuba ||| en:intensified
zu:bebhange ||| en:bankers
zu:benana ||| en:exchanged
zu:ngokushelela ||| en:smoothly
zu:ukwethembeka ||| en:honesty
zu:ebekiwe ||| en:prescribed
zu:uquqaba ||| en:masses
zu:semikhumbi ||| en:dock
zu:incithakalo ||| en:ruin
zu:long-ukuma ||| en:long-standing
zu:kwamahlelo ||| en:sectarian
zu:ohlakaniphile ||| en:diplomat
zu:ekwakheni ||| en:shaping
zu:yacwila ||| en:sank
zu:wamabhayisikili ||| en:cycling
zu:angamashumi ||| en:colts
zu:uketshezi ||| en:fluid
zu:yabadobi ||| en:small-scale
zu:ebandlulula ||| en:discriminatory
zu:umthengi ||| en:buyer
zu:ukuchithwa ||| en:repeal
zu:sanqamuka ||| en:halted
zu:umhlambi ||| en:herd
zu:ngcebo ||| en:treasure
zu:echibini ||| en:pond
zu:ukucindezeleka ||| en:distress
zu:izitembu ||| en:stamps
zu:abashokobezi ||| en:insurgents
zu:inqaba ||| en:fortress
zu:kuhlelwe ||| en:slated
zu:elula ||| en:convenient
zu:ukucindezelwa ||| en:oppression
zu:kokuqhubeka ||| en:proceeding
zu:ngokuthula ||| en:peacefully
zu:ugcizelela ||| en:emphasises
zu:phambili ||| en:forefront
zu:izindawo ||| en:venues
zu:amabutho ||| en:armies
zu:kwehliswe ||| en:lowered
zu:amaviking ||| en:vikings
zu:ukugqugquzelwa ||| en:prompting
zu:wathwebula ||| en:filmed
zu:umphakeli ||| en:supplier
zu:ukulandelana ||| en:succession
zu:zingenamandla ||| en:incapable
zu:sezwe ||| en:terrain
zu:amalungelo ||| en:privileges
zu:amahlazo ||| en:scandals
zu:siyishiya ||| en:rejects
zu:ngacabanga ||| en:figured
zu:isici ||| en:characteristic
zu:emizileni ||| en:trails
zu:asiqapheleni ||| en:vigilant
zu:izifo ||| en:illnesses
zu:eziqondisa ||| en:steering
zu:umshicileli ||| en:publisher
zu:bokulwa ||| en:martial
zu:ehlupheka ||| en:suffers
zu:iviyo ||| en:raiders
zu:nikela ||| en:devote
zu:ezifuywayo ||| en:pets
zu:okuyingozi ||| en:risky
zu:kungalingani ||| en:disparities
zu:babuyisane ||| en:reconcile
zu:sithangami ||| en:briefing
zu:amabhodlela ||| en:bottles
zu:mpo ||| en:vertical
zu:ukubhukuda ||| en:swim
zu:amanoveli ||| en:novels
zu:ukufaneleka ||| en:eligibility
zu:kudliwe ||| en:consumed
zu:siphakamise ||| en:highlighting
zu:ukufaka ||| en:install
zu:zomkhosi ||| en:carnival
zu:ukubonakala ||| en:visibility
zu:umgijimi ||| en:runner
zu:afeze ||| en:accomplish
zu:indwangu ||| en:fabric
zu:umthengisi ||| en:retailer
zu:womhleli ||| en:editorial
zu:egcwalisa ||| en:fulfilling
zu:ukudla ||| en:foodstuffs
zu:oncishwe ||| en:deprived
zu:ecaucasus ||| en:caucasus
zu:ekuhleleni ||| en:organizing
zu:evulekile ||| en:runway
zu:amaphoyisa ||| en:cops
zu:lula ||| en:facilitating
zu:abapristi ||| en:priests
zu:lezifula ||| en:brooks
zu:ibhekwa ||| en:supplement
zu:kungashintshiwanga ||| en:unchanged
zu:likhula ||| en:grows
zu:ibhekane ||| en:undergo
zu:umzimba ||| en:exercises
zu:ukunyamalala ||| en:disappearance
zu:izindiza ||| en:helicopters
zu:basamukela ||| en:welcoming
zu:amathambo ||| en:bones
zu:akunqandi ||| en:prevents
zu:ehlanganisa ||| en:consisting
zu:khomba ||| en:reflecting
zu:umphelelisi ||| en:complement
zu:ingalandelwanga ||| en:complied
zu:kuphakama ||| en:arises
zu:abahlengikazi ||| en:nurses
zu:empofu ||| en:poorer
zu:ekuhlatshweni ||| en:slaughter
zu:imfundo ||| en:instruction
zu:umlawuli ||| en:administrator
zu:izilungiso ||| en:corrections
zu:cowboy ||| en:cowboys
zu:ukuzilibazisa ||| en:recreation
zu:elika ||| en:dubbed
zu:nobutha ||| en:hostile
zu:insalela ||| en:remainder
zu:ibutho ||| en:battalion
zu:yeka ||| en:surrender
zu:zokuvota ||| en:polling
zu:igqoke ||| en:worn
zu:umbukwane ||| en:spectacular
zu:ezimanzi ||| en:wet
zu:njalo ||| en:continually
zu:ibhaxa ||| en:pretext
zu:izitayela ||| en:styles
zu:emaphaketheni ||| en:packaging
zu:esichazayo ||| en:definitive
zu:osonkontileka ||| en:contractors
zu:amanazi ||| en:nazi
zu:lembici ||| en:compound
zu:ushizi ||| en:cheese
zu:eziyinkinga ||| en:problematic
zu:yokucindezelwa ||| en:repression
zu:uyavuma ||| en:admits
zu:kusetshenzwe ||| en:processed
zu:kucatshangwa ||| en:envisaged
zu:ezisekelweni ||| en:platforms
zu:baserussia ||| en:russians
zu:umlutha ||| en:addiction
zu:udizili ||| en:diesel
zu:okubonisa ||| en:indicating
zu:ebabayo ||| en:bitter
zu:imbewu ||| en:seeds
zu:engenakho ||| en:lacks
zu:landizela ||| en:flew
zu:alufakwa ||| en:explosive
zu:unhlangothi ||| en:stroke
zu:amabhethri ||| en:batteries
zu:amatshe ||| en:stones
zu:inkemba ||| en:sword
zu:anelisa ||| en:satisfy
zu:okhiye ||| en:keys
zu:izinhlangano ||| en:entities
zu:umakhi ||| en:manufacturer
zu:umfutho ||| en:impetus
zu:mfushane ||| en:shorter
zu:ukukhulelwa ||| en:pregnancy
zu:ubuthakathaka ||| en:weakness
zu:isithiyo ||| en:obstacle
zu:hlangothi ||| en:neutral
zu:harbor ||| en:harbour
zu:enobungozi ||| en:hazardous
zu:ukungalingani ||| en:inequality
zu:izipho ||| en:gifts
zu:esivala ||| en:banning
zu:ngobuningi ||| en:bulk
zu:kuhloswe ||| en:aiming
zu:imvamisa ||| en:frequency
zu:mpendulo ||| en:rhetoric
zu:wamavukelambuso ||| en:revolutionary
zu:yaxoxa ||| en:interviewed
zu:abaqotho ||| en:loyal
zu:1950 ||| en:1950s
zu:sesimeni ||| en:subjected
zu:wokuthenga ||| en:purchasing
zu:kahle ||| en:thoroughly
zu:ukuhlanganisa ||| en:integrate
zu:ukucaciseleka ||| en:clarification
zu:izinhlanzi ||| en:catches
zu:esakaza ||| en:spreading
zu:ezithwele ||| en:loaded
zu:ukuqedwa ||| en:elimination
zu:ombaxambili ||| en:dual
zu:umhlinzeki ||| en:provider
zu:ukuthola ||| en:acquisition
zu:elibuhlungu ||| en:harsh
zu:ezingokoqobo ||| en:tangible
zu:engcolile ||| en:foul
zu:abaphakanyiselwe ||| en:nominated
zu:lesemkhatsini ||| en:median
zu:umthwalo ||| en:load
zu:amabhuloho ||| en:bridges
zu:amadodakazi ||| en:daughters
zu:izimbali ||| en:flowers
zu:idlanzana ||| en:handful
zu:phoqelela ||| en:enforce
zu:amakolishi ||| en:colleges
zu:yeka ||| en:quit
zu:owaziwa ||| en:well-known
zu:egijimela ||| en:rushing
zu:thembisa ||| en:undertake
zu:izishoshovu ||| en:patriots
zu:ngokuphephile ||| en:safely
zu:kuhloliwe ||| en:checked
zu:okungaphambili ||| en:outlook
zu:ngokucindezela ||| en:pressing
zu:neziphethu ||| en:springs
zu:izimvume ||| en:permits
zu:oshayelayo ||| en:drives
zu:umzingeli ||| en:hunter
zu:sihlanganise ||| en:combine
zu:eyakhiwa ||| en:composed
zu:ukuxhumana ||| en:communicate
zu:ekusungulweni ||| en:founding
zu:ukwehlukana ||| en:divisions
zu:ukuqasha ||| en:hire
zu:simo ||| en:scenario
zu:ifu ||| en:cloud
zu:ukuhlonza ||| en:identification
zu:ubonisa ||| en:demonstrates
zu:nabalawuli ||| en:regulators
zu:abathwali ||| en:carriers
zu:ukuphrinta ||| en:print
zu:esibulele ||| en:fatal
zu:ukunambitheka ||| en:taste
zu:ugeleza ||| en:flows
zu:engenakhaya ||| en:homeless
zu:ngokuhlanganyela ||| en:jointly
zu:lodumo ||| en:celebrated
zu:ukuphakama ||| en:height
zu:entula ||| en:lacking
zu:ngokuqiniseka ||| en:certainty
zu:ukulungiswa ||| en:adjustment
zu:kwemvume ||| en:consent
zu:ukubuyisana ||| en:reconciliation
zu:izikhukhula ||| en:flooding
zu:amabhasi ||| en:buses
zu:komhlaba ||| en:underground
zu:ikhishi ||| en:kitchen
zu:bahlanganyela ||| en:participated
zu:ukukhululeka ||| en:liberties
zu:isihogo ||| en:hell
zu:ekuzingeleni ||| en:hunt
zu:sabamba ||| en:hosted
zu:ngokukhululekile ||| en:freely
zu:ngokwamukela ||| en:accepting
zu:umehluko ||| en:distinction
zu:umbusi ||| en:emperor
zu:ngokulambisa ||| en:barely
zu:lwezikhathi ||| en:timetable
zu:ezinhlwini ||| en:ranks
zu:wokubutha ||| en:gathering
zu:ehluleka ||| en:fails
zu:ezehlukile ||| en:exceptional
zu:umphumela ||| en:consequence
zu:izintaba ||| en:mountains
zu:injabulo ||| en:pleasure
zu:inkululeko ||| en:liberty
zu:esikhundleni ||| en:replacement
zu:ngobuqotho ||| en:genuinely
zu:yokukhosela ||| en:shelter
zu:ukuphoqa ||| en:forcing
zu:ukuzimisela ||| en:willingness
zu:umfutho ||| en:momentum
zu:izibopho ||| en:bonds
zu:abantu ||| en:folks
zu:kufinyeleleke ||| en:accessible
zu:intatheli ||| en:reporter
zu:zokudla ||| en:restaurants
zu:izinkozi ||| en:eagles
zu:njalo ||| en:whenever
zu:kulungile ||| en:ok
zu:ekahle ||| en:ideal
zu:baphonswa ||| en:thrown
zu:omakhelwane ||| en:neighbours
zu:uthenge ||| en:purchased
zu:dumela ||| en:upset
zu:naphezu ||| en:spite
zu:imiphakathi ||| en:societies
zu:amakamelo ||| en:rooms
zu:izingubo ||| en:clothing
zu:nomaphi ||| en:everywhere
zu:ilebula ||| en:label
zu:ihlolwe ||| en:tested
zu:equkethe ||| en:containing
zu:ongavamile ||| en:extraordinary
zu:ezimangalisayo ||| en:wonderful
zu:uxhaso ||| en:funded
zu:ngokomzwelo ||| en:emotional
zu:isibiyeli ||| en:bound
zu:itiye ||| en:tea
zu:kuvikele ||| en:safeguard
zu:imbangi ||| en:rival
zu:abaqeqeshiwe ||| en:trained
zu:izizukulwane ||| en:generations
zu:waphawula ||| en:observed
zu:ukusunduza ||| en:pushing
zu:esanda ||| en:newly
zu:ubhiya ||| en:beer
zu:izithiyo ||| en:barriers
zu:umusa ||| en:favor
zu:izithiyo ||| en:obstacles
zu:izithembiso ||| en:promises
zu:izithelo ||| en:fruit
zu:uyasebenza ||| en:employed
zu:abantu ||| en:humans
zu:intuthu ||| en:smoke
zu:ukuphenya ||| en:investigate
zu:inhlanganisela ||| en:combination
zu:nakho ||| en:experiences
zu:ubumfihlo ||| en:privacy
zu:inkolelo ||| en:belief
zu:othayi ||| en:ties
zu:iziteleka ||| en:strikes
zu:sobala ||| en:apparent
zu:emngcwabeni ||| en:funeral
zu:izithombe ||| en:pictures
zu:ngethemba ||| en:hopefully
zu:intela ||| en:taxation
zu:umsindo ||| en:sounds
zu:bentela ||| en:taxpayers
zu:ezibhalisiwe ||| en:registered
zu:ukwandisa ||| en:expand
zu:izilinganiso ||| en:estimates
zu:ephethwe ||| en:headed
zu:ushukela ||| en:sugar
zu:inoveli ||| en:novel
zu:kakhulu ||| en:greatly
zu:wanqoba ||| en:defeated
zu:impikiswano ||| en:controversial
zu:ukuhamba ||| en:proceedings
zu:imeyili ||| en:email
zu:waqaphela ||| en:recognised
zu:abagxeki ||| en:critics
zu:ukuhamba ||| en:mobility
zu:ukukhokhela ||| en:afford
zu:abadala ||| en:adults
zu:etholwe ||| en:obtained
zu:impahla ||| en:assets
zu:wanxusa ||| en:urged
zu:izimbangi ||| en:opponents
zu:imibono ||| en:opinions
zu:enkulukazi ||| en:vast
zu:wabusa ||| en:ruled
zu:ehamba ||| en:walking
zu:ukubhujiswa ||| en:destruction
zu:ubuchopho ||| en:brain
zu:abasengozini ||| en:vulnerable
zu:eceliwe ||| en:requested
zu:ukungcoliswa ||| en:pollution
zu:ukusiza ||| en:assist
zu:izinkontileka ||| en:contracts
zu:ulungiselela ||| en:preparing
zu:umzabalazo ||| en:struggle
zu:ucabange ||| en:imagine
zu:kwabasebenzi ||| en:personnel
zu:zibopho ||| en:obligations
zu:uvumelane ||| en:fit
zu:kuhilele ||| en:involve
zu:wadonsa ||| en:pulled
zu:ukushushumbisa ||| en:trafficking
zu:uprofesa ||| en:professor
zu:wakhula ||| en:grew
zu:ukubukela ||| en:watching
zu:umsebenzi ||| en:function
zu:amasheya ||| en:stocks
zu:kabanzi ||| en:widely
zu:ukulahlekelwa ||| en:losses
zu:isinxephezelo ||| en:compensation
zu:uyaziqhenya ||| en:proud
zu:zokuthutha ||| en:transportation
zu:isetshenzwa ||| en:earned
zu:ngaphandle ||| en:except
zu:igunya ||| en:mandate
zu:amahlamvu ||| en:leaves
zu:epulazini ||| en:farm
zu:isihlalo ||| en:seat
zu:kunalokho ||| en:contrary
zu:ukuphakamisa ||| en:propose
zu:ezithunyelwe ||| en:submitted
zu:ephelele ||| en:perfect
zu:amandla ||| en:strength
zu:engabe ||| en:supposed
zu:iqhaza ||| en:participate
zu:nomthelela ||| en:contributed
zu:ngokusobala ||| en:apparently
zu:wala ||| en:refused
zu:ukudayiswa ||| en:sale
zu:anqume ||| en:determine
zu:isiqephu ||| en:episode
zu:ahluke ||| en:apart
zu:ingemuva ||| en:background
zu:elibusayo ||| en:ruling
zu:ziphathwe ||| en:treated
zu:ukukhwabanisa ||| en:fraud
zu:unswinyo ||| en:sanctions
zu:akwamukelekile ||| en:unacceptable
zu:amakhanda ||| en:heads
zu:zokuqinisa ||| en:enforcement
zu:ukuragela ||| en:continuing
zu:okwatholakala ||| en:finding
zu:iqiniso ||| en:truth
zu:isiteleka ||| en:strike
zu:albhamu ||| en:album
zu:ikakhulu ||| en:mainly
zu:ukubandlulula ||| en:discrimination
zu:ihlelelwe ||| en:scheduled
zu:izimfuno ||| en:demands
zu:mqhudelwano ||| en:tournament
zu:zokuphatha ||| en:administrative
zu:umnyango ||| en:door
zu:aphendule ||| en:respond
zu:zesayensi ||| en:scientific
zu:umoya ||| en:spirit
zu:izingxoxo ||| en:discussions
zu:nokuqalisa ||| en:implement
zu:ubuhle ||| en:looks
zu:eziseqhulwini ||| en:priorities
zu:ishaye ||| en:beat
zu:ngokocansi ||| en:sexual
zu:ukubusa ||| en:accession
zu:ngcono ||| en:improved
zu:sina ||| en:seriously
zu:izikhonzi ||| en:ministers
zu:njalo ||| en:regular
zu:inzuzo ||| en:advantage
zu:londoloza ||| en:save
zu:ehlezi ||| en:sitting
zu:ukuhalalisela ||| en:congratulate
zu:akhethwe ||| en:elected
zu:ukuzivikela ||| en:defence
zu:ngicabanga ||| en:thinking
zu:umngani ||| en:friend
zu:imiphumela ||| en:consequences
zu:zanamuhla ||| en:modern
zu:kokungabaza ||| en:doubt
zu:eklanyelwe ||| en:designed
zu:zasemakhaya ||| en:rural
zu:asekelwa ||| en:supported
zu:ebiza ||| en:calling
zu:ukuhlaselwa ||| en:attacks
zu:umkhiqizo ||| en:product
zu:ezibhaliwe ||| en:written
zu:wezifiki ||| en:immigration
zu:isimo ||| en:status
zu:emfuleni ||| en:river
zu:izakhamuzi ||| en:residents
zu:ukufunda ||| en:reading
zu:ukuvakashela ||| en:visit
zu:ukuthuthukisa ||| en:develop
zu:ngenkani ||| en:forced
zu:ngokungemthetho ||| en:illegal
zu:yimpumelelo ||| en:successful
zu:ephelele ||| en:complete
zu:yokuthengisa ||| en:sales
zu:uhlobo ||| en:type
zu:izinhlelo ||| en:programmes
zu:zabasebenzi ||| en:labour
zu:ubufakazi ||| en:evidence
zu:imodeli ||| en:model
zu:isinyathelo ||| en:initiative
zu:umbhalo ||| en:text
zu:wezwa ||| en:heard
zu:okthoba ||| en:october
zu:uyazi ||| en:aware
zu:amaphrojekthi ||| en:projects
zu:ephakeme ||| en:higher
zu:izwe ||| en:land
zu:ucwaningo ||| en:study
zu:ngokwakhe ||| en:himself
zu:asho ||| en:mean
zu:izithakazelo ||| en:interests
zu:izinguquko ||| en:changes
zu:mhlawumbe ||| en:perhaps
zu:umzimba ||| en:body
zu:izingxoxo ||| en:negotiations
zu:zesifunda ||| en:regional
zu:isinyathelo ||| en:step
zu:ukudala ||| en:create
zu:imisebenzi ||| en:jobs
zu:cishe ||| en:almost
zu:uhlelo ||| en:program
zu:bamukela ||| en:adopted
zu:aphile ||| en:live
zu:ngempela ||| en:quite
zu:inqubekela ||| en:progress
zu:izimo ||| en:conditions
zu:ithuba ||| en:opportunity
zu:ngenyanga ||| en:month
zu:izikhulu ||| en:officials
zu:samanje ||| en:present
zu:ukwandisa ||| en:increase
zu:imigomo ||| en:terms
zu:ebusuku ||| en:night
zu:ukudla ||| en:food
zu:daba ||| en:matter
zu:qhubeka ||| en:continue
zu:isikhundla ||| en:position
zu:ake ||| en:let
zu:amandla ||| en:power
zu:inkinga ||| en:problem
zu:yiqiniso ||| en:course
zu:bengayi ||| en:cannot
zu:ukuphila ||| en:life
zu:zezempilo ||| en:health
zu:kakade ||| en:already
zu:indawo ||| en:area
zu:usuku ||| en:day
zu:uthi ||| en:says
zu:amalungelo ||| en:rights
zu:uthole ||| en:get
zu:ngaphambi ||| en:before
zu:isimo ||| en:state
