sw:vibaraka ||| en:puppets
sw:ndani ||| en:inward
sw:simama ||| en:stand-up
sw:poleni ||| en:pollen
sw:wakiyakimbia ||| en:uprooted
sw:uyoga ||| en:mushroom
sw:kijana ||| en:youngster
sw:moyo ||| en:heartbeat
sw:kuongoza ||| en:preside
sw:dari ||| en:canopy
sw:kuhamahama ||| en:nomadic
sw:mtumaji ||| en:sender
sw:kishindo ||| en:roar
sw:kutu ||| en:rust
sw:malumbano ||| en:wrangling
sw:kumshirikisha ||| en:assigning
sw:inathibitisha ||| en:reaffirms
sw:ngono ||| en:intercourse
sw:1-yadi ||| en:1-yard
sw:mifereji ||| en:canals
sw:tairi ||| en:wheeled
sw:ufafanuzi ||| en:exposition
sw:mchemraba ||| en:cube
sw:barakinya ||| en:brig
sw:yakiandikwa ||| en:syndicated
sw:kule ||| en:wont
sw:unajidhihirisha ||| en:superhuman
sw:unalenga ||| en:focussed
sw:magumu ||| en:stout
sw:mzunguko ||| en:cyclical
sw:tarakimu ||| en:digit
sw:akihubiri ||| en:preached
sw:mwiba ||| en:thorn
sw:waingereza ||| en:britons
sw:harufu ||| en:scent
sw:katikati ||| en:centerpiece
sw:kushangaza ||| en:amazingly
sw:£ ||| en:lbs
sw:imetulia ||| en:stabilized
sw:se ||| en:scrutinise
sw:lisilopingika ||| en:indisputable
sw:baiskeli ||| en:biking
sw:kotekote ||| en:heralded
sw:walaani ||| en:cursed
sw:kuchafua ||| en:meddling
sw:sarabi ||| en:mirage
sw:wakubwa ||| en:superiors
sw:wahindu ||| en:hindus
sw:kutekelezwa ||| en:practicable
sw:mshituko ||| en:panicked
sw:karibu ||| en:nearer
sw:utangulizi ||| en:prelude
sw:kulazimisha ||| en:predatory
sw:wakili ||| en:solicitor
sw:kuainisha ||| en:classify
sw:uangalifu ||| en:consciously
sw:kutamka ||| en:pronounce
sw:upya ||| en:re-examine
sw:ovyoovyo ||| en:indiscriminately
sw:kuripotiwa ||| en:unreported
sw:uchanga ||| en:infancy
sw:bakteria ||| en:bacterial
sw:kimya ||| en:muted
sw:baridi ||| en:colder
sw:ngumu ||| en:arduous
sw:kiliingiza ||| en:fielded
sw:tidsperioden ||| en:timescale
sw:ukarimu ||| en:generously
sw:ukoo ||| en:lineage
sw:maua ||| en:garland
sw:kipembe ||| en:notched
sw:lundo ||| en:heap
sw:teknolojia ||| en:technologically
sw:mpinzani ||| en:dissident
sw:ungama ||| en:confesses
sw:mshikamano ||| en:affinity
sw:kitamu ||| en:tasty
sw:ukali ||| en:harshly
sw:alikaidi ||| en:defied
sw:ushirikiano ||| en:engagements
sw:jordan ||| en:jordanian
sw:vimbunga ||| en:cyclones
sw:maduka ||| en:stalls
sw:akielezea ||| en:voicing
sw:kujitanua ||| en:expansive
sw:kurahisisha ||| en:prudential
sw:anatoa ||| en:confer
sw:yumba ||| en:undecided
sw:uchungu ||| en:anguish
sw:pilipili ||| en:peppers
sw:medali ||| en:medalist
sw:kufifia ||| en:fading
sw:kitanzania ||| en:tanzanian
sw:mtangazaji ||| en:announcer
sw:hazieleweki ||| en:tracing
sw:mamluki ||| en:mercenaries
sw:magumu ||| en:unbearable
sw:maswali ||| en:queries
sw:redio ||| en:radios
sw:hudhoofisha ||| en:weakens
sw:mpatanishi ||| en:intermediary
sw:nembo ||| en:logos
sw:mirefu ||| en:taller
sw:anafafanua ||| en:clarifies
sw:mzulia ||| en:invent
sw:kuachia ||| en:relinquish
sw:zisizo ||| en:malware
sw:kuchochea ||| en:fueling
sw:halisi ||| en:literal
sw:volkeno ||| en:crater
sw:ufilisi ||| en:insolvency
sw:udaktari ||| en:doctoral
sw:visiwa ||| en:isles
sw:kuipindua ||| en:topple
sw:kuacha ||| en:abstaining
sw:kuvamia ||| en:invading
sw:watani ||| en:birthplace
sw:wakili ||| en:chamberlain
sw:mwiko ||| en:abstention
sw:kuandaa ||| en:compiling
sw:minyoo ||| en:worms
sw:karaha ||| en:disgust
sw:kupanga ||| en:devising
sw:shemeji ||| en:brother-in-law
sw:kushirikiana ||| en:partnering
sw:hakubaliani ||| en:disagrees
sw:kurudia ||| en:repeats
sw:uangalizi ||| en:aegis
sw:waamuzi ||| en:referees
sw:mpangaji ||| en:planner
sw:lahaja ||| en:dialects
sw:maovu ||| en:malpractice
sw:kuhalalisha ||| en:justifying
sw:kukwepa ||| en:circumvent
sw:kuhalalishwa ||| en:legalized
sw:kutunga ||| en:framing
sw:kuingilia ||| en:intrusion
sw:mistari ||| en:verses
sw:watoto ||| en:pediatric
sw:mwili ||| en:incarnation
sw:waliimba ||| en:chanted
sw:zambia ||| en:zambian
sw:wameamua ||| en:resorted
sw:gambia ||| en:gambian
sw:mipaka ||| en:confines
sw:moment ||| en:torque
sw:kutambaa ||| en:crawl
sw:kikohozi ||| en:cough
sw:makatibu ||| en:staffed
sw:bahari ||| en:seaside
sw:maganda ||| en:bark
sw:muhtasari ||| en:summarise
sw:wivu ||| en:envy
sw:anadai ||| en:asserts
sw:kutibiwa ||| en:cured
sw:humo ||| en:therein
sw:inashindana ||| en:competes
sw:ulipatikana ||| en:rested
sw:inatazamwa ||| en:referenced
sw:kulaani ||| en:denouncing
sw:usimamizi ||| en:managerial
sw:maoni ||| en:viewpoints
sw:diploma ||| en:diplomas
sw:kuingiliwa ||| en:infringed
sw:alama ||| en:landmarks
sw:lita ||| en:litres
sw:kukosoa ||| en:critique
sw:kudumu ||| en:perennial
sw:teksi ||| en:taxis
sw:ibada ||| en:rite
sw:mabaki ||| en:residual
sw:asili ||| en:intrinsic
sw:isiyotarajiwa ||| en:unforeseen
sw:kupunguza ||| en:lessen
sw:kuongezeka ||| en:rebounding
sw:mwenye ||| en:goodman
sw:mgongo ||| en:spine
sw:wananchi ||| en:nationalists
sw:ua ||| en:fences
sw:saruji ||| en:saddle
sw:mifupa ||| en:skeleton
sw:sindano ||| en:injected
sw:zinazohitajika ||| en:requisite
sw:kuagiza ||| en:prescribe
sw:walifikishwa ||| en:arraigned
sw:kuchapisha ||| en:publishes
sw:kibanda ||| en:hut
sw:maandamano ||| en:protester
sw:nyongeza ||| en:booster
sw:nyadhifa ||| en:designations
sw:kusamehewa ||| en:forgiven
sw:kufuta ||| en:erase
sw:kufurahisha ||| en:enjoyable
sw:kuhusisha ||| en:encompass
sw:ukuu ||| en:supremacy
sw:vifurushi ||| en:packaged
sw:mabonde ||| en:valleys
sw:ukaidi ||| en:stubborn
sw:kumwita ||| en:summon
sw:blanketi ||| en:blankets
sw:kuzigeuza ||| en:divert
sw:udhalilishaji ||| en:degrading
sw:kuchanganyikiwa ||| en:insanity
sw:atlasi ||| en:atlas
sw:kwake ||| en:hers
sw:hua ||| en:dove
sw:wanatoka ||| en:originate
sw:mbegu ||| en:sperm
sw:upasuaji ||| en:surgeons
sw:arabia ||| en:arabian
sw:mjengo ||| en:liner
sw:jangwa ||| en:desertification
sw:kujitolea ||| en:dedicate
sw:tamaa ||| en:depressing
sw:kutofautiana ||| en:uneven
sw:uligubikwa ||| en:marred
sw:kiza ||| en:bleak
sw:yanayouza ||| en:cartels
sw:kutafakari ||| en:meditation
sw:hasira ||| en:indignation
sw:kudanganya ||| en:cheat
sw:katika-bodi ||| en:across-the-board
sw:wamiliki ||| en:proprietary
sw:akituhumiwa ||| en:rumored
sw:mshangao ||| en:appalled
sw:kupungua ||| en:cutbacks
sw:matofali ||| en:tiles
sw:kiswahili ||| en:scots
sw:likiendelea ||| en:persists
sw:punda ||| en:ass
sw:majeruhi ||| en:casualty
sw:aliingiza ||| en:inducted
sw:kitabia ||| en:behavioral
sw:kufungua ||| en:unlock
sw:waziwazi ||| en:plainly
sw:mtaro ||| en:terrace
sw:visivyofaa ||| en:undue
sw:kujuta ||| en:regretted
sw:nenosiri ||| en:password
sw:wameagiza ||| en:sanctioned
sw:kuoka ||| en:baking
sw:winga ||| en:winger
sw:mgawanyiko ||| en:divides
sw:mishipa ||| en:nerves
sw:mwanga ||| en:hints
sw:msituni ||| en:guerrilla
sw:misikiti ||| en:mosques
sw:kisasa ||| en:modernising
sw:mwongozo ||| en:guideline
sw:vyumba ||| en:suites
sw:kuridhisha ||| en:satisfactorily
sw:mila ||| en:rituals
sw:mfumaji ||| en:weaver
sw:inakabiliwa ||| en:rocked
sw:kusimama ||| en:standstill
sw:njia ||| en:pathway
sw:kujiliwa ||| en:visitation
sw:ilienea ||| en:escalated
sw:kina ||| en:depths
sw:kubariki ||| en:bless
sw:mafanikio ||| en:headway
sw:bendera ||| en:crimson
sw:kuhubiri ||| en:preaching
sw:kusini ||| en:southbound
sw:mwongozo ||| en:blueprint
sw:upole ||| en:gently
sw:kusimamia ||| en:supervise
sw:uzazi ||| en:parenting
sw:ndege ||| en:airplanes
sw:wenyeji ||| en:natives
sw:utandawazi ||| en:globalization
sw:ushindi ||| en:victorious
sw:mihadarati ||| en:narcotics
sw:matangazo ||| en:advertisers
sw:mrahaba ||| en:royalty
sw:madikteta ||| en:dictators
sw:wiketi ||| en:wickets
sw:madhumuni ||| en:intending
sw:kufanikiwa ||| en:succeeding
sw:jinsia ||| en:sexes
sw:picha ||| en:photographed
sw:majanga ||| en:shocks
sw:akustisk ||| en:acoustic
sw:kulitumia ||| en:unrestricted
sw:mbuzi ||| en:goats
sw:kuwaadhibu ||| en:punishing
sw:kutawala ||| en:reigning
sw:tamaa ||| en:discouraged
sw:tofauti ||| en:differentiated
sw:vile ||| en:blades
sw:mchoraji ||| en:painter
sw:ratiba ||| en:scheduling
sw:kifuko ||| en:sac
sw:theologia ||| en:theology
sw:victoria ||| en:victorian
sw:anamtuhumu ||| en:accuses
sw:volkano ||| en:volcano
sw:kubashiri ||| en:speculate
sw:gazeti ||| en:gazette
sw:ngoma ||| en:dances
sw:kujiandikisha ||| en:enroll
sw:kuandaliwa ||| en:refined
sw:kejeli ||| en:irony
sw:ufundi ||| en:crafts
sw:wameandikishwa ||| en:enlisted
sw:risiti ||| en:receipt
sw:neema ||| en:favors
sw:yaliyopo ||| en:vested
sw:kumvutia ||| en:impress
sw:kampeni ||| en:campaigned
sw:hisia ||| en:sensation
sw:kiburi ||| en:arrogance
sw:maskini ||| en:impoverished
sw:kusagwa ||| en:crushing
sw:wenyeviti ||| en:chairmen
sw:mashtaka ||| en:prosecuting
sw:ufahamu ||| en:insights
sw:mashauriano ||| en:consultative
sw:mtazamaji ||| en:viewer
sw:mbaya ||| en:undesirable
sw:mashaka ||| en:doubtful
sw:kuogopa ||| en:shrink
sw:protini ||| en:proteins
sw:punguzo ||| en:discounts
sw:huvutia ||| en:attracts
sw:vis-a-vis ||| en:vis-à-vis
sw:vyakula ||| en:cuisine
sw:nyota ||| en:superstar
sw:biblia ||| en:biblical
sw:kusambazwa ||| en:circulated
sw:nanga ||| en:anchored
sw:iran ||| en:iranians
sw:utekelezaji ||| en:intervening
sw:kumtia ||| en:pouring
sw:mfalme ||| en:monarch
sw:utatu ||| en:trinity
sw:usawa ||| en:equilibrium
sw:implantat ||| en:implants
sw:3-hatua ||| en:3-point
sw:pigo ||| en:plague
sw:mabaki ||| en:artifacts
sw:uzazi ||| en:reproduction
sw:ushuru ||| en:collector
sw:madaktari ||| en:paramedics
sw:uharibifu ||| en:devastation
sw:inafanana ||| en:resembles
sw:cheche ||| en:sparks
sw:utabiri ||| en:prediction
sw:kuadhimisha ||| en:commemorate
sw:kofia ||| en:hats
sw:machungu ||| en:hurts
sw:kuvurugika ||| en:disrupted
sw:nashiriki ||| en:thankfully
sw:kisasa ||| en:modernise
sw:kufutwa ||| en:dissolved
sw:akararua ||| en:tore
sw:pedi ||| en:pad
sw:majani ||| en:biomass
sw:kujibiwa ||| en:unanswered
sw:herufi ||| en:spelling
sw:upendeleo ||| en:biased
sw:lovordade ||| en:applauded
sw:bahari ||| en:oceans
sw:huacha ||| en:ignores
sw:jenereta ||| en:generator
sw:kukagua ||| en:inspect
sw:bahati ||| en:fortunes
sw:mizani ||| en:scales
sw:kuhimili ||| en:withstand
sw:machafuko ||| en:chaotic
sw:anapendelea ||| en:prefers
sw:gati ||| en:pier
sw:mtazamo ||| en:glimpse
sw:ujamaa ||| en:socialism
sw:kuambukiza ||| en:infectious
sw:lami ||| en:paved
sw:meya ||| en:mayoral
sw:inafanyika ||| en:amazed
sw:zikiwemo ||| en:comprised
sw:uko ||| en:lagging
sw:muungwana ||| en:gentleman
sw:kufukuzwa ||| en:expulsion
sw:kiota ||| en:nest
sw:kinachoitwa ||| en:labelled
sw:kukatwakatwa ||| en:hacking
sw:urefu ||| en:altitude
sw:puto ||| en:balloon
sw:viongozi ||| en:guides
sw:kutosha ||| en:ample
sw:alikiri ||| en:confessed
sw:wazimu ||| en:madness
sw:kufuta ||| en:delete
sw:bitana ||| en:lining
sw:mapumziko ||| en:lounge
sw:diwani ||| en:councillor
sw:ukungu ||| en:fog
sw:sufuria-ulaya ||| en:pan-european
sw:mamlaka ||| en:mandated
sw:kwaheri ||| en:goodbye
sw:kutokufanya ||| en:sideline
sw:gumu ||| en:tricky
sw:ishara ||| en:gestures
sw:rangi ||| en:colorful
sw:uadui ||| en:aggressively
sw:kingo ||| en:edges
sw:umebuni ||| en:devised
sw:automatiska ||| en:automated
sw:waanzilishi ||| en:founders
sw:kurekebisha ||| en:redress
sw:morocco ||| en:moroccan
sw:udadisi ||| en:curiosity
sw:kuziba ||| en:plug
sw:yazua ||| en:forge
sw:kuvuruga ||| en:disrupt
sw:mahabusu ||| en:inmate
sw:asili ||| en:backgrounds
sw:hasa ||| en:specially
sw:nauli ||| en:fares
sw:venezuela ||| en:venezuelan
sw:livsmedelstillsatser ||| en:additives
sw:maaskofu ||| en:bishops
sw:maria ||| en:favoured
sw:kutabirika ||| en:predictable
sw:upatikanaji ||| en:accessibility
sw:ufunuo ||| en:revelation
sw:anaibuka ||| en:emerges
sw:anakaa ||| en:rests
sw:kilichofanywa ||| en:shallow
sw:jozi ||| en:pairs
sw:mshauri ||| en:advisor
sw:kazi ||| en:tasked
sw:burudani ||| en:entertaining
sw:kuzaa ||| en:bore
sw:mbunge ||| en:lawmaker
sw:mtahini ||| en:examiner
sw:hisabati ||| en:mathematics
sw:ond ||| en:spiral
sw:haki ||| en:fairer
sw:inajumuisha ||| en:comprises
sw:bima ||| en:insurers
sw:hema ||| en:tent
sw:vifo ||| en:fatalities
sw:mkono ||| en:wrist
sw:lisilo ||| en:irrelevant
sw:uvumbuzi ||| en:invention
sw:mabango ||| en:posters
sw:mwavuli ||| en:umbrella
sw:kusimamia ||| en:oversee
sw:wazi ||| en:uncovered
sw:malazi ||| en:shelters
sw:ziara ||| en:touring
sw:mseto ||| en:diversification
sw:utekelezaji ||| en:enforcing
sw:pembeni ||| en:peripheral
sw:iliyopo ||| en:stationed
sw:makosa ||| en:offenses
sw:mazoezi ||| en:practiced
sw:kuungana ||| en:reunification
sw:kumdanganya ||| en:fool
sw:1920 ||| en:1920s
sw:mistari ||| en:rolls
sw:viziwi ||| en:deaf
sw:maandamano ||| en:riots
sw:kugonga ||| en:knocking
sw:kumshtaki ||| en:accuse
sw:mawazo ||| en:mentality
sw:upatanishi ||| en:mediation
sw:magofu ||| en:ruins
sw:kushinda ||| en:overcoming
sw:sehemu ||| en:portions
sw:mazingira ||| en:ecosystem
sw:nyuma-ya-nyuma ||| en:back-to-back
sw:ubepari ||| en:capitalist
sw:mnyama ||| en:beast
sw:kiumbe ||| en:creature
sw:tuzo ||| en:rewards
sw:mwanzilishi ||| en:co-founder
sw:mauaji ||| en:atrocities
sw:kanuni ||| en:cannon
sw:washauri ||| en:advisers
sw:zabuni ||| en:bids
sw:kuvutiwa ||| en:embraced
sw:mitumbwi ||| en:outs
sw:fimbo ||| en:rod
sw:inzi ||| en:flies
sw:ufilipino ||| en:philippine
sw:mnunuzi ||| en:buyer
sw:kufuta ||| en:repeal
sw:wizara ||| en:ministries
sw:kundi ||| en:herd
sw:kutekelezwa ||| en:exercised
sw:kupunguza ||| en:lowering
sw:uzito ||| en:weighing
sw:kofia ||| en:helmet
sw:utukufu ||| en:glory
sw:nyepesi ||| en:lighter
sw:shamba ||| en:grove
sw:chanjo ||| en:vaccines
sw:ukandamizaji ||| en:oppression
sw:ustaarabu ||| en:civilisation
sw:ngozi ||| en:leather
sw:kuenea ||| en:proliferation
sw:waziwazi ||| en:expressly
sw:kumbi ||| en:venues
sw:kurekebishwa ||| en:corrected
sw:chombo ||| en:container
sw:kukaa ||| en:abide
sw:akaondoka ||| en:arose
sw:mvua ||| en:rainfall
sw:mkufunzi ||| en:trainer
sw:madai ||| en:litigation
sw:kukosoa ||| en:criticise
sw:siri ||| en:secretly
sw:muuzaji ||| en:dealer
sw:anafunga ||| en:tying
sw:mgeni ||| en:visitor
sw:shujaa ||| en:warrior
sw:walikosa ||| en:lacked
sw:chati ||| en:charts
sw:mshairi ||| en:poet
sw:pande ||| en:mutually
sw:uendeshaji ||| en:steering
sw:ilijibu ||| en:reacted
sw:rambirambi ||| en:condolences
sw:shehena ||| en:shipments
sw:shambulio ||| en:crashes
sw:wateule ||| en:elect
sw:kipa ||| en:goalkeeper
sw:kudhoofisha ||| en:undermining
sw:wazi ||| en:outright
sw:mabomu ||| en:explosives
sw:usahihi ||| en:accuracy
sw:utaifa ||| en:nationality
sw:kanzu ||| en:coat
sw:inatofautiana ||| en:varies
sw:risasi ||| en:bullets
sw:orodha ||| en:listing
sw:uvumi ||| en:rumors
sw:kiwewe ||| en:trauma
sw:picha ||| en:portrait
sw:waliimba ||| en:sang
sw:kutokana ||| en:owing
sw:keki ||| en:cake
sw:manispaa ||| en:municipalities
sw:viti ||| en:chairs
sw:kukamilisha ||| en:accomplish
sw:centralt ||| en:flagship
sw:suti ||| en:suits
sw:majaribio ||| en:experimental
sw:sigara ||| en:cigarettes
sw:mji ||| en:hometown
sw:kunyimwa ||| en:deprived
sw:inapunguza ||| en:reduces
sw:waliendelea ||| en:accounted
sw:anakanusha ||| en:denies
sw:mwongozo ||| en:manual
sw:roho ||| en:spirits
sw:waliokimbia ||| en:fleeing
sw:aliandika ||| en:lays
sw:msamaha ||| en:apology
sw:kupimia ||| en:measuring
sw:wajumbe ||| en:delegates
sw:kurejesha ||| en:regain
sw:bahati ||| en:fortunate
sw:upotevu ||| en:disappearance
sw:helikopta ||| en:helicopters
sw:maoni ||| en:feedback
sw:tafiti ||| en:surveys
sw:kufungia ||| en:freezing
sw:heshima ||| en:honors
sw:mashambani ||| en:countryside
sw:wakisubiri ||| en:await
sw:kuzalisha ||| en:generating
sw:unaotajwa ||| en:enshrined
sw:wanadiplomasia ||| en:diplomats
sw:maskini ||| en:poorer
sw:kufungia ||| en:freeze
sw:fahamu ||| en:conscious
sw:mtaala ||| en:curriculum
sw:mkazo ||| en:stresses
sw:cheo ||| en:footing
sw:tolewa ||| en:evolved
sw:mapacha ||| en:twins
sw:uvumilivu ||| en:patience
sw:jina ||| en:renamed
sw:babu ||| en:grandfather
sw:kikosi ||| en:battalion
sw:aliapa ||| en:vowed
sw:bibi ||| en:grandmother
sw:joto ||| en:heating
sw:mijadala ||| en:vocal
sw:hazieleweki ||| en:vague
sw:mdogo ||| en:lesser
sw:kidunia ||| en:secular
sw:pembe ||| en:angle
sw:majaribio ||| en:experiments
sw:canada ||| en:canadians
sw:maji ||| en:liquid
sw:lenye ||| en:torn
sw:utengenezaji ||| en:manufacture
sw:mpaka ||| en:till
sw:cheti ||| en:certificate
sw:kuhifadhiwa ||| en:preserved
sw:kulinda ||| en:safeguarding
sw:kali ||| en:tougher
sw:kipaji ||| en:brilliant
sw:shutuma ||| en:criticisms
sw:unathibitisha ||| en:confirms
sw:rahisi ||| en:simplified
sw:washirika ||| en:allied
sw:huchangia ||| en:contributes
sw:sanamu ||| en:statue
sw:miamba ||| en:rocks
sw:kumnyakua ||| en:grabbed
sw:eeg ||| en:eec
sw:kasi ||| en:fastest
sw:safu ||| en:layer
sw:akapiga ||| en:pitched
sw:kijana ||| en:teenager
sw:mazungumzo ||| en:conversations
sw:mikutano ||| en:conferences
sw:mawe ||| en:stones
sw:upanga ||| en:sword
sw:mapungufu ||| en:limitations
sw:kizuizi ||| en:barrier
sw:kioo ||| en:crystal
sw:waandaaji ||| en:organizers
sw:shimo ||| en:pit
sw:msukumo ||| en:impetus
sw:kivuko ||| en:ferry
sw:mitazamo ||| en:attitudes
sw:ishara ||| en:symbolic
sw:waandamanaji ||| en:demonstrators
sw:sawa ||| en:alike
sw:kutengwa ||| en:isolation
sw:uthibitisho ||| en:confirmation
sw:maziwa ||| en:dairy
sw:wauzaji ||| en:suppliers
sw:wanauchumi ||| en:economists
sw:kujamiiana ||| en:sexually
sw:siri ||| en:mystery
sw:mapambano ||| en:fights
sw:ukali ||| en:austerity
sw:cheo ||| en:ranking
sw:wazee ||| en:seniors
sw:dhoruba ||| en:storms
sw:mapato ||| en:proceeds
sw:kueleza ||| en:explaining
sw:mwekezaji ||| en:investor
sw:viungo ||| en:ingredients
sw:dhati ||| en:sincerely
sw:urafiki ||| en:friendship
sw:maisha ||| en:lifelong
sw:utani ||| en:joke
sw:muendelezo ||| en:continuation
sw:muuaji ||| en:killer
sw:meno ||| en:teeth
sw:kumshutumu ||| en:charging
sw:faini ||| en:fines
sw:watunga ||| en:makers
sw:msamaha ||| en:amnesty
sw:wafadhili ||| en:donor
sw:mwokaji ||| en:baker
sw:nyongeza ||| en:annex
sw:kuingiza ||| en:incorporate
sw:kuadhimisha ||| en:celebrating
sw:mifuko ||| en:bags
sw:nishati ||| en:fuels
sw:mateke ||| en:kicked
sw:kuunganisha ||| en:pulling
sw:msukumo ||| en:inspiration
sw:kiroho ||| en:spiritual
sw:ganda ||| en:shell
sw:ikumbukwe ||| en:remembered
sw:faraja ||| en:comfort
sw:reli ||| en:railways
sw:kuimarisha ||| en:reinforce
sw:tiba ||| en:therapy
sw:sadaka ||| en:sacrifice
sw:unaendelea ||| en:underway
sw:wazalendo ||| en:patriots
sw:sufuria ||| en:pot
sw:kuchunguzwa ||| en:checked
sw:unaofadhiliwa ||| en:financed
sw:machifu ||| en:chiefs
sw:upatikanaji ||| en:availability
sw:mwendo ||| en:motions
sw:mita ||| en:meters
sw:uandikishaji ||| en:admission
sw:mlo ||| en:diet
sw:kuchanganya ||| en:combine
sw:kuhitimu ||| en:qualify
sw:kutosha ||| en:steady
sw:michezo ||| en:sporting
sw:nje ||| en:forth
sw:mazingira ||| en:landscape
sw:mali ||| en:asset
sw:ekari ||| en:acres
sw:wauzaji ||| en:retailers
sw:mpiganaji ||| en:fighter
sw:kitambulisho ||| en:identification
sw:handaki ||| en:tunnel
sw:mafuta ||| en:fat
sw:flygbolag ||| en:carriers
sw:kubwa ||| en:dominant
sw:mbaya ||| en:fatal
sw:mechi ||| en:appearances
sw:1 ||| en:1st
sw:umewekwa ||| en:regulated
sw:kubwa ||| en:loud
sw:sherehe ||| en:celebrated
sw:helikopta ||| en:helicopter
sw:mbadala ||| en:alternatives
sw:urasimu ||| en:bureaucracy
sw:10 ||| en:10th
sw:malori ||| en:trucks
sw:madhubuti ||| en:strictly
sw:mabwana ||| en:masters
sw:alitetea ||| en:defended
sw:inapata ||| en:receives
sw:mawasiliano ||| en:contacts
sw:kutafuta ||| en:pursuing
sw:kujitoa ||| en:devoted
sw:nyuma ||| en:rear
sw:ngome ||| en:castle
sw:nguo ||| en:clothes
sw:dua ||| en:petitions
sw:muundo ||| en:format
sw:heshima ||| en:decent
sw:kubebwa ||| en:handled
sw:mteule ||| en:designated
sw:mizizi ||| en:roots
sw:umaarufu ||| en:popularity
sw:fainali ||| en:finals
sw:kongwe ||| en:oldest
sw:kupunguza ||| en:ease
sw:lazima ||| en:compulsory
sw:aliomba ||| en:pleaded
sw:aliruka ||| en:jumped
sw:mabomu ||| en:bombing
sw:injini ||| en:engines
sw:wajamaa ||| en:socialists
sw:kansela ||| en:chancellor
sw:ndege ||| en:birds
sw:husika ||| en:respective
sw:inaongozwa ||| en:dominated
sw:kuvuka ||| en:crossing
sw:kuondolewa ||| en:removal
sw:kina ||| en:depth
sw:mapumziko ||| en:breaks
sw:rufaa ||| en:appeals
sw:mama ||| en:mom
sw:pigo ||| en:blow
sw:ujumbe ||| en:missions
sw:sherehe ||| en:celebration
sw:utabiri ||| en:forecast
sw:doria ||| en:patrol
sw:machungwa ||| en:orange
sw:afghanistan ||| en:afghan
sw:udugu ||| en:brotherhood
sw:kupuuza ||| en:ignore
sw:kuokoa ||| en:saving
sw:jirani ||| en:neighbourhood
sw:sinema ||| en:movies
sw:kusimamishwa ||| en:suspension
sw:biashara ||| en:enterprise
sw:licha ||| en:spite
sw:jamii ||| en:societies
sw:taa ||| en:lights
sw:kujitolea ||| en:volunteers
sw:kavu ||| en:dry
sw:vyakula ||| en:foods
sw:kupimwa ||| en:tested
sw:zenye ||| en:containing
sw:ajabu ||| en:extraordinary
sw:marekebisho ||| en:revision
sw:hatua ||| en:stages
sw:anga ||| en:atmosphere
sw:uchawi ||| en:magic
sw:fujo ||| en:aggressive
sw:badala ||| en:besides
sw:uwezekano ||| en:unlikely
sw:seli ||| en:cells
sw:1990 ||| en:1990s
sw:gharama ||| en:expenses
sw:mabaya ||| en:evil
sw:makosa ||| en:mistakes
sw:joto ||| en:warm
sw:stahili ||| en:deserve
sw:vikwazo ||| en:barriers
sw:neema ||| en:favor
sw:digrii ||| en:degrees
sw:elfu ||| en:thousand
sw:kufafanua ||| en:define
sw:baridi ||| en:cool
sw:hofu ||| en:fears
sw:matarajio ||| en:prospects
sw:bunge ||| en:legislature
sw:kuchunguza ||| en:investigate
sw:mchanganyiko ||| en:combination
sw:ufanisi ||| en:effectiveness
sw:ukiukaji ||| en:violation
sw:aina ||| en:kinds
sw:burudani ||| en:entertainment
sw:kimuziki ||| en:musical
sw:mada ||| en:topic
sw:uagizaji ||| en:imports
sw:ndege ||| en:flights
sw:£ ||| en:pounds
sw:ubunifu ||| en:innovative
sw:kugawana ||| en:sharing
sw:chuma ||| en:steel
sw:bendera ||| en:flag
sw:olimpiki ||| en:olympic
sw:ngome ||| en:fort
sw:kuchaguliwa ||| en:selected
sw:waalikwa ||| en:invited
sw:alitekwa ||| en:captured
sw:mikakati ||| en:strategies
sw:hakika ||| en:surely
sw:mgawanyiko ||| en:split
sw:septemba ||| en:sept
sw:kuonyesha ||| en:demonstrate
sw:filamu ||| en:films
sw:makali ||| en:edge
sw:hivyo ||| en:hence
sw:hivyo ||| en:thereby
sw:wanaohusika ||| en:engaged
sw:mabadiliko ||| en:shift
sw:juu ||| en:upper
sw:bahari ||| en:maritime
sw:reli ||| en:railway
sw:magonjwa ||| en:diseases
sw:kushindwa ||| en:defeat
sw:umbali ||| en:distance
sw:kutokwa ||| en:discharge
sw:anarudi ||| en:returns
sw:zamu ||| en:turns
sw:ilitawala ||| en:ruled
sw:simulizi ||| en:oral
sw:zima ||| en:universal
sw:ilijaribu ||| en:attempted
sw:kurudi ||| en:returning
sw:pensheni ||| en:pension
sw:mikopo ||| en:loans
sw:kufunga ||| en:shut
sw:mikataba ||| en:deals
sw:madarasa ||| en:classes
sw:sura ||| en:shape
sw:mtandao ||| en:web
sw:kufikiria ||| en:imagine
sw:haki ||| en:entitled
sw:kuteuliwa ||| en:appointed
sw:duka ||| en:shop
sw:shida ||| en:trouble
sw:mwalimu ||| en:teacher
sw:sita ||| en:sixth
sw:ilianzishwa ||| en:founded
sw:mvinyo ||| en:wine
sw:kurudia ||| en:repeat
sw:mahakama ||| en:courts
sw:kofia ||| en:cap
sw:ndege ||| en:plane
sw:chuo ||| en:campus
sw:kiume ||| en:male
sw:huleta ||| en:brings
sw:fidia ||| en:compensation
sw:fahari ||| en:proud
sw:utafiti ||| en:survey
sw:madogo ||| en:minor
sw:sumu ||| en:formed
sw:daktari ||| en:doctor
sw:tamko ||| en:declaration
sw:jumuishi ||| en:integrated
sw:mkataba ||| en:pact
sw:mwandishi ||| en:author
sw:kuanzisha ||| en:introduce
sw:mipaka ||| en:limits
sw:safi ||| en:clean
sw:bakuli ||| en:bowl
sw:mlima ||| en:mountain
sw:moto ||| en:hot
sw:zinatakiwa ||| en:supposed
sw:madai ||| en:alleged
sw:zama ||| en:era
sw:wadogo ||| en:scale
sw:kufurahia ||| en:enjoy
sw:kuingilia ||| en:intervention
sw:kudumu ||| en:permanent
sw:sababu ||| en:factor
sw:kihafidhina ||| en:conservative
sw:wafuasi ||| en:supporters
sw:sahihi ||| en:correct
sw:kina ||| en:comprehensive
sw:dola ||| en:dollars
sw:watu ||| en:persons
sw:aina ||| en:types
sw:fedha ||| en:currency
sw:adhabu ||| en:penalty
sw:ndogo ||| en:smaller
sw:ukurasa ||| en:page
sw:uratibu ||| en:coordination
sw:mtuhumiwa ||| en:suspect
sw:namna ||| en:manner
sw:kukuza ||| en:promoting
sw:kubeba ||| en:bear
sw:hatari ||| en:risks
sw:majina ||| en:names
sw:hisa ||| en:shares
sw:nyenzo ||| en:material
sw:iliyobaki ||| en:remaining
sw:madai ||| en:demands
sw:mashindano ||| en:tournament
sw:utawala ||| en:administrative
sw:vyeo ||| en:positions
sw:kuikopesha ||| en:holding
sw:kambi ||| en:camp
sw:mauaji ||| en:killing
sw:silaha ||| en:arms
sw:kupunguzwa ||| en:cuts
sw:mvulana ||| en:boy
sw:kupitia ||| en:via
sw:madai ||| en:claim
sw:takwimu ||| en:figure
sw:kutekelezwa ||| en:implemented
sw:kikomo ||| en:limit
sw:kutawazwa ||| en:accession
sw:ugonjwa ||| en:disease
sw:nyumba ||| en:homes
sw:sauti ||| en:voice
sw:iko ||| en:located
sw:kuweka ||| en:setting
sw:kupambana ||| en:combat
sw:kuokoa ||| en:save
sw:mwendo ||| en:motion
sw:kabisa ||| en:absolutely
sw:dharura ||| en:emergency
sw:maili ||| en:miles
sw:vyanzo ||| en:sources
sw:sanaa ||| en:art
sw:gari ||| en:vehicle
sw:usambazaji ||| en:supply
sw:malipo ||| en:charge
sw:tishio ||| en:threat
sw:ujumbe ||| en:mission
sw:sauti ||| en:sound
sw:nia ||| en:committed
sw:shughuli ||| en:operations
sw:mashabiki ||| en:fans
sw:kidogo ||| en:bit
sw:uwezo ||| en:ability
sw:watoto ||| en:kids
sw:kesho ||| en:tomorrow
sw:kichwa ||| en:title
sw:mpira ||| en:ball
sw:maelewano ||| en:compromise
sw:hakimu ||| en:judge
sw:ujenzi ||| en:construction
sw:kupokea ||| en:receive
sw:wafanyakazi ||| en:employees
sw:kilimo ||| en:agriculture
sw:kiufundi ||| en:technical
sw:kisiwa ||| en:island
sw:bahari ||| en:sea
sw:alitumia ||| en:spent
sw:kusoma ||| en:read
sw:mwanzo ||| en:beginning
sw:tovuti ||| en:site
sw:ajenda ||| en:agenda
sw:awali ||| en:original
sw:rasimu ||| en:draft
sw:mfano ||| en:model
sw:mpango ||| en:initiative
sw:juhudi ||| en:effort
sw:utawala ||| en:administration
sw:kutoa ||| en:giving
sw:kijani ||| en:green
sw:kanisa ||| en:church
sw:mataifa ||| en:nations
sw:alitangaza ||| en:announced
sw:mrefu ||| en:term
sw:kuwaambia ||| en:tell
sw:wajibu ||| en:responsible
sw:mafanikio ||| en:success
sw:inaonekana ||| en:seems
sw:risasi ||| en:shot
sw:wakala ||| en:agency
sw:utaratibu ||| en:procedure
sw:kufikiria ||| en:consider
sw:juu ||| en:above
sw:chanya ||| en:positive
sw:matokeo ||| en:results
sw:kupokea ||| en:received
sw:maneno ||| en:words
sw:neema ||| en:favour
sw:napenda ||| en:wish
sw:maandamano ||| en:march
sw:mapendekezo ||| en:proposed
sw:kitu ||| en:nothing
sw:mazingira ||| en:environment
sw:bidhaa ||| en:products
sw:bibie ||| en:madam
sw:magharibi ||| en:west
sw:nafasi ||| en:opportunity
sw:waungwana ||| en:gentlemen
sw:alhamisi ||| en:thursday
sw:historia ||| en:history
sw:sekta ||| en:sector
sw:ongeza ||| en:increase
sw:kaskazini ||| en:north
sw:kijeshi ||| en:military
sw:mstari ||| en:line
sw:wito ||| en:call
sw:maelekezo ||| en:directive
sw:kuangalia ||| en:look
sw:ndogo ||| en:small
sw:basi ||| en:let
sw:mtu ||| en:man
sw:kupatikana ||| en:found
sw:mbali ||| en:far
sw:wazi ||| en:clear
sw:kila ||| en:every
sw:uwezo ||| en:able
sw:suala ||| en:issue
sw:bila ||| en:without
sw:kuamini ||| en:believe
sw:pia ||| en:too
sw:kujua ||| en:know
sw:kundi ||| en:group
sw:sera ||| en:policy
sw:hata ||| en:even
sw:zaidi ||| en:most
